That's Tanuki Shigaraki,
correct?
That's right. He's a former
member of the Foundation who'd
gone missing.
(Sai) Seems he was a talented
researcher and an ardent
follower of Danzo's.
He was also the brains and the
driving force...
behind a plan to develop a new
weapon utilizing the Hashirama
Cell.
(Sai) The weapon's code name was
"Gozu Tennou."
Even after Danzo died, Tanuki
didn't give up on it.
(Subordinate A) But he
disappeared long before these
recent incidents even began.
So he couldn't be behind them.
What a letdown.
Even after we discovered this
hideout of his too, this was all
just a waste of our time.
Our investigation's at square
one. Huh?
Captain?
What's wrong?
Yes of course, that's it!
(Sai) The incidents began at the
Academy!
Why didn't we realize earlier?
What do you mean, sir?
Hold on! Do you know
who's behind all this?
I do.
It is clear that
the culprit is...
[gasps] Well come on, who is it?
I've thought about it for a
while.
Exactly, how I can confirm if
you are the sun to my moon.
The sun? What's that mean?
That's why I've been watching
you ever since I arrived in the
Hidden Leaf.
I wanted to be able to
observe your reactions.
Every time an incident occurred,
you dove straight into it.
You restored all the victims to
normal.
I don't know what you're getting
at. I did what anybody would.
However, I wonder what
you will do this time.
The culprit...
(Mitsuki) Is the Class Rep.
[gasps]
(Shikamaru) That's what we know
so far.
The one who caused the incidents
is the daughter of a former
member of the Foundation.
(Shikamaru) Sumire Kakei.
Isn't she one of Boruto's
classmates?
(Shikamaru) Her father's name
was Tanuki Shigaraki.
Shortly before he died, he
entrusted her with the Gozu
Tennou, which he'd perfected.
(Shikamaru) Sai's out searching
for her now...
since she's disappeared from her
hospital room.
Put that aside for now. People
are saying these incidents
wouldn't have happened...
if the Leaf Police had vetted
everyone involved.
(Shikamaru) What's our response?
(Kakashi) Well, Lady Fifth and I
decided to stop exposing the
identities...
of everyone connected to the
Foundation.
(Naruto) Kakashi Sensei!
Whatever. That's seriously not
funny, Mitsuki.
Like at all!
It's the truth, though.
Just think. Right before every
incident, each victim was in
direct contact with her.
Are you saying that's when she
implanted the Ghost on them?
But she was a victim too.
I believe that was merely a
deception to deflect suspicion
away from her.
[exhales]
I can give you more proof, if
you're still not convinced.
Enough already! It just doesn't
make any sense.
Why exactly would the Class Rep
do this?
Don't beat yourself up, Boruto.
It wasn't your fault!
There's no way! I don't buy it!
Well, you don't have to believe
me if you don't want to.
But I think it's too late
anyway.
It's too late? Just what
do you mean by that?
She's realized she can't hide
the truth any longer.
I've no doubt that she's already
moving on to the next phase.
Huh?
In the Ghost Incidents, her
victims were manipulated into
rampaging.
But that wasn't the main
purpose.
It was just a way to absorb the
victims chakra, that's all.
That can't be!
[grunts]
What is that?
It's coming from Senju Park!
Looks like it's begun.
Not seeing through the ruse that
Sumire Kakei set up was a big
mistake on our part.
But doing a full background
check on every villager had been
ruled out.
We didn't want people to become
suspicious of each other, right?
(Naruto) Back then after the
Fourth Great Ninja War, the
village was in shambles.
Everyone had lost someone
precious to them.
In that climate, if we stirred
up suspicion that a family
member...
or a colleague was once a member
of the Foundation...
the village would've been torn
apart by doubt and distrust.
I think that you made the right
decision.
If you'd chosen otherwise...
someone like Sai would've been
among the first to fall under
suspicion.
Sumire's the problem now.
We already knew that her late
mother had never been any kind
of ninja.
We confirmed that much back when
we received her Academy
application.
Her father's background was
unknown.
But we probably knew that he was
a Rogue Ninja, right?
But there's no rule that someone
can't be accepted just because
they don't have any parents.
That's true. But whatever her
reasons might have been...
the fact is that she roped a lot
of innocent victims into this.
(Shikamaru) So even if she's a
child...
You think we should punish her
like a criminal?
Our role now is to maintain
peace and order in the Hidden
Leaf Village.
We can't be soft on everyone.
You pick the strangest times to
act all "by the book."
This isn't a joking matter!
Anyway, why are you here, Lord
Sixth?
Weren't you supposed to be away
at the hot springs?
Well, to be honest, I'd hoped
that I could just take it easy
in my retirement.
(Kakashi) But Danzo and I appear
to be linked by destiny.
So, I've been hunting for traces
of his research.
(Naruto) [gasps] And? Did you
find anything?
Yeah. Something I wish that I'd
never learned. Danzo's legacy,
the Gozu Tennou.
(Kakashi) It's very likely that
he imbedded it in Sumire's body.
[gasps]
[grunts]
It's no wonder we couldn't find
it no matter how hard we looked.
Her father probably took that
precaution.
So Sumire herself is the very
gate through which that creature
Nue is summoned.
How could he!
Then, you realize Sumire is...
[gasps]
What just happened?
Danzo Shimura.
The man who used any means, no
matter how despicable, to
protect the Hidden Leaf Village.
But ultimately...
His actions were based only on
his own personal view of what
was best for the Leaf.
To avenge him by destroying the
village is mistaking the cause
for the end.
Furthermore, if another cycle of
tragedy and hatred starts up...
people whose past is connected
to the Foundation will be viewed
with hostility.
So if there are still others
living under this curse, I must
free them.
It is my duty as someone who was
liberated in the past.
(Tanuki Shigaraki) Never forgive
them! Do you hear me? Avenge the
Foundation!
You're the only one who can do
this! Do not fail to wreak
vengeance on the Leaf!
That was nicely done!
You're really just a kid?
Stay alert! Who knows
what she's capable of.
[groans]
I'm sorry.
I know you're Inojin's friend,
but I have no choice.
As long as I'm here, nothing bad
will happen to you.
Although, I have to keep you
restrained for now.
[groans] Nue...
[gasps]
[grunts]
Can you still move?
(Subordinate A) Yes...
[roar]
[roaring]
Huh? [grunts]
What is that thing?
Nue.
The Gozu Tennou is being
summoned through chakra gathered
in an intermediary.
(Boruto) If something like that
goes on a rampage, the village
will be wrecked, ya know!
What are you going to do? What
could you do even if you were to
go down there?
I don't know yet!
But I won't believe anything
till I talk to the Class Rep
myself! I know that much.
Boruto...
What is it? I'm a little
preoccupied at the moment.
Weren't you going to let her
live and observe her? Why now?
All right, fine.
Mission acknowledged. My new
orders are to eliminate Sumire.
[roars]
I'm sorry, Captain.
No. It's fine, we can't handle
it ourselves.
[growls]
Incoming!
[roars]
[grunts]
Purple Lightening!
Lord Sixth?
We can't let that thing get
loose in the village!
Sai, create a diversion.
Sir!
Ninja Art! [grunts] Super Beast
Scroll!
Earth Style: Multi Mud Wall!
What now?
[gasps]
[roars]
[grunts]
My strength is...
Their chakra's been absorbed!
This isn't good.
What exactly is going on?
I wouldn't get closer
if I were you.
Mitsuki.
(Mitsuki) It's just like the
Ghost Incidents.
At this rate, the Chakra of
everyone in the village will be
extracted.
Everyone in the village? Damn
it! What are we gonna do?
There is one solution.
Nue will stop if the jutsu user
dies.
Wait hold on, you mean?
What will you do now?
The lives of your family and the
villagers, or the Class Rep?
Which side will you choose?
I don't...
I don't even have to think about
it! I'll just save both sides!
[chuckles] Oh I see.
That's an answer that
I couldn't give.
Once again, you reveal choices
that I would never think to
make.
Uh.
Boruto, teach me even more about
our differences.
I'd like to know, I want to feel
it more.
Just what are you
trying to tell me?
But that'll have to come later.
I have my mission.
Hey, what are you doing?
I must get rid of the source
before it's too late. I've been
given my orders.
What are you talking about, what
orders?
Are you seriously going through
with it?
(Mitsuki) As things stand now, I
feel this is the best choice.
Oh, and if you follow
me, you'll regret it.
Hey, wait! Mitsuki!
I'm sorry, but until my real
self finishes his task, I'd like
you to take a short nap.
Yeah right, like I'd ever let
you do that.
A shadow clone...always has a
shadow clone!
Do it! No wait, not me!
[screams]
[grunts]
[groans]
Sorry about this. [grunts]
[groans] Take it easier next
time, will ya?
You told me to do it.
Right?
Damn it. I can't just hang
around here, I've got to get to
the Class Rep.
But, where is she? [gasps]
(Boruto) That thing looks like a
chakra current.
Could it be?
[roars]
That thing's gotten bigger. Is
it from all the gathered chakra?
The wall's reaching its
limit. Let's give it one last
push.
Okay!
Barrier Team!
Right!
All right!
Okay.
[roars]
Well! I guess we're gonna have
to take this thing on ourselves.
In a fist‐fight with a monster
like this...
I wish we could borrow some
power from Choji and the others.
[grunts]
Are you two doing okay?
Huh? Hey! Who's commanding the
relief operations?
(Naruto) Shikamaru and the
others are on it.
Now I'll settle this, in only
one move!
(Kakashi) Wait Naruto!
Huh?
You don't want to do that.
That monstrosity absorbs chakra.
Huh?
If it gets ahold of your immense
chakra, it'll become more than
we can control.
And as a last resort, the jutsu
user can detonate the chakra
that's stored inside of Nue.
(Kakashi) Then we'll all be
blown to bits!
(Sai) Are you saying Nue's a
giant bomb?
(Kakashi) That was its original
purpose as a summoning.
The Gozu Tennou user would be
sent into enemy territory to go
on a rampage...
and then blow themselves up
along with everyone nearby.
The cold rationality is
sickening!
I think that you should go join
the Barrier Team. If the barrier
collapses, then it's all over.
Okay, I understand. But still,
is this really all we can do?
So they put up a barrier after
all. Nue doesn't have enough
chakra to break through yet.
Should I set off the detonation?
Hmm.
After coming this far?
Just a little more. If I can
give it a little more chakra,
Nue will be whole!
Hmph!
You're good when you want to be,
huh Class Rep?
[heavy breathing] Oh no, I'm not
really, Mitsuki.
How'd you know where to find me?
Hiding is my specialty.
(Mitsuki) When I visited you
at the hospital, I made some
preparations.
Although it did take me quite a
bit of time.
So then, have you
come here to kill me?
Yes, I have, It's an order. I do
not have a choice.
I doubt that Lord Seventh's the
one who gave that order. So who
are you really working for?
It doesn't matter. Anyway...
[gasps/grunts]
[gasps]
Sorry. It ends here and now.
[inhales]
Stop it, Mitsuki!
Boruto! [grunts]
Class Rep. Are you really the
one behind all of this?
(Boruto) The Ghost only I could
see.
You're actually the one who used
it on all those people?
Boruto. It's not...
Hmph.
Yes, I am. So you were the only
one who could see Nue, huh?
[grunts] So it's true then...
I did it to manifest Nue, and
destroy the Hidden Leaf Village!
And what about Wasabi and
Namida? And Sarada and Cho‐Cho?
All our classmates?!
None of them matter to me!
For revenge! That's the reason I
was born, and all I've lived
for!
[gasps]
From the very start, I've
existed only for vengeance!
This is proof. I've lived until
today only to accomplish what my
father couldn't!
What your dad couldn't
accomplish...
Shall fall to the child, right?
You guys are taking all this too
far! Weird orders, revenge?!
I'm not gonna let any
of that happen!
Then what are you going to do?
Are you going to stop me by
killing me here? Could you
really do that?
[sigh] It always turns out like
this.
Hey! Mitsuki!
This is why I said you'd regret
it if you came.
Stop this.
(Boruto) Stop, Mitsuki!
(Boruto) Stop!
Hmph!
[gasps]
Boruto...
Just knock it off! Do you really
want to kill each other? Up
until now you've been. Huh?
What?
[grunting]
What happened?
The Transportation Technique?
It's one thing after another.
What the hell is going on around
here?
All right. I'll let you have my
chakra now.
[gasps]
Class Rep...
No, wait.
Class Rep!
(Sumire) I raised Nue all these
years just for the sake of
vengeance.
He's the ultimate weapon!
(Boruto) Come on, Class Rep.
Let's all go back!
(Sumire) I launched an attack on
the HIdden Leaf Village.
From my point of view, I'm
fighting a war!
(Boruto) If it is, it's just
your father's war!
All of that has nothing to do
with you now!
Next time on Boruto Naruto Next
Generations: "The Path That
Boruto Can See."
(Sumire) Sumire Kakei
never existed in the first
place!